hi everyone knows bugat 6 200 and
expresses a guide that was fine
today we will present you a
new clip to earn xp to death
not the icp and money rather
sorry so this video I you the
propose to the gta 5 fr so in fact
it's a glitch these two glick I
gathered together we'll be doing it's already
him for the beginning you are obliged
to be with a friend so I'm going to
prevent screaming in the cutscene
to get into the garage with my
car
well he'll have to kill me so I'm going
go home and I tell you when these good to
six months
that's a good climate to burst your head
Pleased I hope Bahamian circulate
so now you're going back
a western seeker I you are not
obliged to have this apartment you
can take any
apartment no matter what wall has
rabies
yeah any car even from
this sport even a completely adheres
tuning it's me I took it
because I had that one there that the
other probes have died
as you can see now he
get in my vaka here and it's going
go straight into the garage
or else if not accelerate a little bit and
you will enter the garage
so now we will see directly
that I have two vaka here we are
found immediately for the rest of the
glee which you see there we find ourselves for
the second part of the video
so this time I'm alone so
you have many more friends than for the
first part so the second part
you need to mourn
to sell your sports cars
normally so which is to put
a little more car for hiddink is
next to your garage
of your choice santos custom you the
put in the box in the in the
garage
I wanted to explain a second
times of course in the garage makes you
sell vambre since remark want
you really sell this vehicle you
do start or finally geesthacht you
go to the playstation store menu or
finally playstation network or to man
the xbox live market for those at xbox
you spammed the x button or there is
as soon as you are as soon as the loading
start with me the x month button and
until pick the market after you
expect that any nickel charge soon
that everything charged does round or I do not
do not know it must be for a
to go back and normally
you would reappear in your car
luxury duke who is for me the vaca
so we can not do the bug anymore
to resell our car so
you can be you will be able to sell
your luxury car only once per
day in the game so all
twenty-four minutes what's so it's a
a little bit nil but we know better than
nothing frankly it's already better than
nothing if we have a sure fashion to a hundred thousand
euros it's really fast so me
it costs only 100 me but hey I'm going
do it two or three times and I will not buy
the aveyron and I will then do them then
What do we have to do
we will sell sell you want
you really ride start vehicles
playstation store yes so we are waiting for a
little bit and there to spam
convoys countdown is in the air
about this program because if
you do it before spoon the
loading
you are going to sell your vehicle and you
can go farther then
you see that there is apple stop there
we wait for everything loaded
that is all charged conf and around and
normally if everything worked out well you
fall back into your sports car
so I did not specify it needs the train station and
the guard and next to that I think
everyone is successful
launch a bug to sell the cars
but you have to park the car next to
los santos custom well on one side because
that I think we have to fend for ourselves
not too much either does not need to go
at the speed of light either but
we're not going to do a mission and come back
really make it go fast enough when
same logic so the loads are
pretty long 11 months
so here you go back into a
part me i'm in a party with
people and it will deconcentrate me juice
people are not and I hear
still good brief is definitely back on
laughs spawn from another vaka that's the
class so born late it does not work my
friend who was with me before that
did not walk for him I do not know
why it may be because it
walk but that some cars so
there you can see that I can sell
my vehicle at 104 thousand 525 dollars
so we 're just going to want the number you want
really sell his vehicles
say I sell them and it stays
always copy in my garage
so after ben repeat that every time
so it's a little stupid it's necessary
a friend with you but good but good
So, as you can see
now I have two hundred and eight thousand
dollars
so it's really a glyph that goes
save you a lot of money
a little less time than normally
but a lot more than if you bleach
is pale and I think that can you
serve so I hope the jtf 5 en does not
will not plead what I think this
video interest them as I think
to have found this glitch first so
that's if you liked this little glitch in
the fall it is always fun
a comment and subscribe so
here it was bull is innocent and x
hi freeroll